Install Virtual Box from official website and install it
Download arch from official website
Create a new vm inside the virtual box and create with arch linux 
Add the iso file directly here when given the option to include the iso file during initial phase of creation
After creation change the settings accordingly and then hit the start button to run the arch installer

When started and opened run these commands in the said algorithm only:-
a. Arch linux install medium(x86_64,BIOS) for easy iinstallation
b. write command :- pacman -Sy (this cmd make the system update)
c. check for if wifi is working or not :- ping -c 5 google.com
d. Again do :- pacman -Sy(to check if its up to date or not)
e. pacman -S archlinux-keyring (this cmd basically checks all the packages been installed correctly or not)
f. pacman -S archinstall (this cmd makes it easy to install arch using the arch install script)
g. Add Locales accordingly
h. Add Mirror region accordingly
i. Add Disk configuration automatically one as it will create all partitions accordingly
j. Make Swap enabled
k. Bootloader use Grub
l. Hostname,root pass,user account :- create accordingly
m. Profile :- Here for the simplicity i used Gnome,Hyprland doesnt work directly(checked but didnt worked)
	You may checkout some yt videos which window manager suits your style the best
n. Audio :- If you are working with audio,jacks and other connecting devices then use pipewire else you can use else
o. Kernels :- Linux will be fine
p. Network configuration :- use network manager
q. Additional Packages :- git,fastfetch,htop
r. Timezone :- set accordingly

After all such main config click install
After completion go in chroot post install configuration
Write :- pacman -Sy
Install major apps :- pacman -S firefox vlc gcc wget curl git flatpak (all apps you want...)
Now write :- exit
Then write :- shutdown now 

Then start the VM again after getting inside :- open console 
Write cmd :-  pacman -Syyu
Write cmd :- sudo pacman -S base-devel linux-headers

YEH! CONGRATS FINALLY INSTALLED ARCH linux distro succesfully!

Now Work on it like a real pro and customise it,play with it and create something foer which you have done this much labour.
ALL THE BEST!!
